# Chapter 3 - Identity Access Management & S3

Created By: Kauan Amarante (https://github.com/KauanAmarante)
Last Edited: Mar 16, 2020 12:16 AM

# Identity Access Management 101

## What Is IAM?

- IAM allows you to manage users and their level of access to the AWS Console.
- It is important to understand IAM and how it works, both for the exam and for administrating a company's AWS account in real life.

## Key Features of IAM

### Identity Access Management (IAM) offers the following features:

- Centralized control of your AWS account
- Shared Access to your AWS account
- Granular Permissions
- Identity Federation (including Active Directory, Facebook, LinkedIn, etc)
- Multi factor Authentication
- Provide temporary access of users/devices and services where necessary
- Allows you to set up your own password rotation policy
- Integrates with many different AWS services
- Supports PCI DSS Compliance (Compliant framework if you're taking credit card details)

## Key Terminology For IAM

### 1. Users

End Users such as people, employees of an organization, etc.

### 2. Groups

A collection of users. Each user in the group will inherit the permissions of the group.

### 3. Policies

Policies are made up of documents, called Policy documents. These documents are in a format called JSON and they give permissions as to what a User/Group/Role is able to do.

### 4. Roles

You create roles and then assign them to AWS Resources.

---

# Identity Access Management - LAB

## Exam Tips

### What Have We Learnt So Far?

- **IAM is universal.** It does not apply to regions at this time.
- The **"root account"** is simply the account created when first setup your AWS account. It has complete Admin access.
- New Users have **NO permissions** when first created.
- New Users are assigned **Access Key ID & Secret Access Keys** when first created.
- **These are not the same as a password.** You cannot use the Access key ID & Secret Access Key to Login in to the console. You can use this to access AWS via APIs and Command Line (CLI), however.
- **You only get to view these onde.** If you lose them, you have to regenerate them. So, save them in a secure location.
- **Always setup Multi factor Authentication on your root account.**
- **You can create and customize your own password rotation policies.**

---

# S3 101

## What is S3?

**S3 provides developers and IT Teams with secure, durable, highly-scalable object storage. Amazon S3 is easy to use, with a simple web services interface to store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere on the web.**

## S3 - The Basics

### So What is S3?

- S3 is a safe place to store your files.
- It is Object-based storage.
- The data is spread across multiple devices and facilities.

### The basics of S3 are as follows:

- S3 is **Object-based** - i.e. Allows you to upload files.
- Files can be from **0 Bytes to 5TB.**
- There is unlimited storage.
- Files are stored in Buckets.
- **S3 is a universal namespace.** That is, names must be unique globally.
- When you upload a file to S3, you will receive a **HTTP 200 code** if the upload was successful.

## S3 - Objects

### S3 is Object based. **Think of Objects just as files.**

### Objects consist of the following:

- Key (This is simply the name of the object)
- Value (This is simply the data and is made up of a sequence of bytes)
- Version ID (Important for versioning)
- Metadata (Data about data you are storing)
- Sub resources:
    - Access Control Lists
    - Torrent

## Data Consistency Model For S3

### How does data consistency work for S3?

- Read after Write consistency for PUTS of new Objects.
- Eventual Consistency for overwrite PUTS and DELETES (can take some time to propagate).

### In Other Words:

- **If you write a new file and read it immediately afterwards, you will be able to view that data.**
- **If you update AN EXISTING file or delete a file and read it immediately, you may get the older version, or you may not. Basically changes to objects can take a little bit of time to propagate.**

## S3 - Guarantees

### S3 has the following guarantees from Amazon:

- Built for 99.99% availability for the S3 platform.
- Amazon Guarantee 99.9% availability
- Amazon guarantees 99.999999999% durability for S3 information.

## S3 - Features

### S3 has the following features:

- Tiered Storage Available
- Life cycle Management
- Versioning
- Encryption
- Multi factor authentication Delete
- Secure your data using **Access Control Lists** and **Bucket Policies**

## S3 Storage Classes

### 1. S3 Standard

- 99.99% availability.
- 99.999999999% durability.
- Stored redundantly across multiple devices in multiples facilities.
- Designed to sustain the loss of 2 facilities concurrently.

### 2. S3 - IA (Infrequently Accessed)

- For data that is accessed less frequently.
- But requires rapid access when needed.
- Lower fee than S3, but you are charged a retrieval fee.

### 3. S3 One Zone - IA

- For where you want a lower-cost option for infrequently accessed data.
- But don't require the multiple Availability Zone data resilience.

### 4. S3 - Intelligent Tiering

- Designed to optimize costs by automatically moving data to the most cost-effective access tier.
- Without performance impact or operational overhead.

### 5. S3 Glacier

- Is a secure, durable and low-cost storage class for data archiving.
- You can reliably store any amount of data at costs that are competitive with or cheaper than on-premises solutions.
- Retrieval times configurable from minutes to hours.

### 6. S3 Glacier Deep Archive

- Amazon S3's lowest-cost storage class where a retrieval time of 12 hours is acceptable.

[S3 - Comparison ](https://www.notion.so/a1aeb1ce7a374a3b89665c29aa6b992a)

## S3 - Charges

### You are charged for S3 in the following ways:

- Storage.
- Requests.
- Storage Management Pricing.
- Data Transfer Pricing.
- Transfer Acceleration.
- Cross Region Replication Pricing.

---

## S3 Transfer Acceleration

Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration enables fast, easy, and secure transfers or files over long distances between your end users and an S3 bucket.

Transfer Acceleration takes advantage of Amazon CloudFront's globally distributed edge locations. As the data arrives at an edge location, data is routed to Amazon S3 over an optimized network path.

## Exam Tips

- Remember that S3 is **Object-based:** i.e. allows you to upload files.
- Files can be from 0 Bytes to 5TB.
- There is unlimited storage.
- Files are stored in Buckets.
- **S3 is a universal namespace**. That is, names must be unique globally.
- **Not suitable to install an operating system on.**
- Successful uploads will generate a **HTTP 200** status code.
- You can turn **MFA Delete.**

### The Key Fundamentals of S3 Are:

- Key (This is simply the name of the object)
- Value (This is simply the data and is made up of a sequence of bytes)
- Version ID (Important for versioning)
- Metadata (Data about data you are storing)
- Sub resources:
    - Access Control Lists
    - Torrent
- Read after Write consistency for PUTS of new Objects.
- Eventual Consistency for overwrite PUTS and DELETES (can take some time to propagate).

### S3 Storage Classes

### 1. S3 Standard

- 99.99% availability.
- 99.999999999% durability.
- Stored redundantly across multiple devices in multiples facilities.
- Designed to sustain the loss of 2 facilities concurrently.

### 2. S3 - IA (Infrequently Accessed)

- For data that is accessed less frequently.
- But requires rapid access when needed.
- Lower fee than S3, but you are charged a retrieval fee.

### 3. S3 One Zone - IA

- For where you want a lower-cost option for infrequently accessed data.
- But don't require the multiple Availability Zone data resilience.

### 4. S3 - Intelligent Tiering

- Designed to optimize costs by automatically moving data to the most cost-effective access tier.
- Without performance impact or operational overhead.

### 5. S3 Glacier

- Is a secure, durable and low-cost storage class for data archiving.
- You can reliably store any amount of data at costs that are competitive with or cheaper than on-premises solutions.
- Retrieval times configurable from minutes to hours.

### 6. S3 Glacier Deep Archive

- Amazon S3's lowest-cost storage class where a retrieval time of 12 hours is acceptable.

---

# Create an S3 Bucket - Lab

## Exam Tips

- Control access to bucket using either a bucket ACL or using **Bucket Policies**

---

# S3 Pricing Tiers

## S3 - What Drives the Price?

### What makes up the cost of S3?

- Storage
- Requests and Data Retrievals
- Data Transfer
- Management & Replication

### What are the different Tiers?

- S3 Standard
    - First 50 TB/Month - $ 0,023 per GB
    - Next 450 TB/Month - $ 0.022 per GB
    - Over 500 TB/Month - $ 0.021 per GB
- S3 - IA
    - All Storage/Month - $ 0.0125 per GB
- S3 One Zone - IA
    - All Storage/Month - $0.01 per GB
- S3 - Intelligent Tiering
    - Frequent Access Tier, First 50 TB/Month - $ 0.023 per GB
    - Frequent Access Tier, Next 450 TB/Month - $ 0.022 per GB
    - Frequent Access Tier, Over 500 TB/Month - $ 0.021 per GB
    - Infrequent Acess Tier, All Storage/Month - $ 0.0125 per GB
    - Monitoring and Automation, All Storage/Month - $ 0.0025 per 1000 objetcs
- S3 Glacier
    - All Storage/Month - $ 0.004 per GB
- S3 Glacier Deep Archive
    - All Storage/Month - $ 0.00099 per GB

## Exam Tips

### Understand how to get the best value out of S3

1. S3 Standard
2. S3 - IA
3. S3 - Intelligent Tiering
4. S3 One Zone - IA
5. S3 Glacier
6. S3 Glacier Deep Archive

---

# S3 Security & Encryption

## S3 - The Basics

By default, all newly created buckets are PRIVATE. You can setup access control to your buckets using:

- Bucket Policies
- Access Control Lists

S3 Buckets can be configured to create access logs which log all requests made to the S3 bucket. This can be sent to another bucket and even another bucket in another account.

Encryption In Transit is achieved by:

- SSL/TLS

Encryption At Rest (Server Side) is achieved by:

- S3 Managed Keys — SSE-S3 **(Amazon manage all the keys)**
- AWS Key Management Service, Managed Keys - SSE-KMS
- Server Side Encryption With Customer Provided Keys - SSE-C

Client Side Encryption

---

# S3 Versioning - LAB

## Exam Tips

- Stores all versions of an object (including all writes and even if you delete an object).
- Great backup tool.
- Once enabled, **Versioning cannot be disabled**, only suspended.
- Integrates with **Lifecycle** rules.
- Versioning's **MFA Delete** capability, which uses multi factor authentication, cab be used to provide an additional layer of security.

---

# Lifecycle Management with S3 - Lab

## Exam Tips

- Automates moving your objects between the different storage tiers.
- Can be used conjunction with versioning.
- Can be applied to current versions and previous versions.

---

# AWS Organizations & Consolidated Billing

---

# Sharing S3 Buckets Across Accounts - LAB

## Exam Tips

### Three different ways to share S3 buckets across accounts

- Using Bucket Policies & IAM (applies across the entire bucket). Programmatic Access Only.
- Using Bucket ACLS & IAM (individual objects). Programmatic Access Only.
- Cross-account IAM Role. Programmatic AND Console access.

---

# Cross Region Replication - LAB

## Exam Tips

- Versioning must be enabled on both the source and destination buckets.
- Regions must be unique.
- Files in an existing bucket are not replicated automatically.
- All subsequent updated files will be replicated automatically.
- Delete markers are not replicated.
- Deleting individual versions or delete markers will not be replicated.

---

# S3 Transfer Acceleration

## What is S3 Transfer Acceleration?

S3 Transfer Acceleration utilizes the CloudFront Edge Network to accelerate your uploads to S3. Instead of uploading directly to your S3 bucket, you can use a distinct URL to upload directly to an edge location which will then transfer that file to S3. 

---

# CloudFront

## What is CloudFront?

A content delivery network (CDN) is a system of distributed servers (network) that deliver webpages and other web content to a user based on the geographic locations of the user, the origin of the webpage, and a content delivery server.

## CloudFront - Key Terminology

- **Edge Location -** This is the location where content will be cached. This is separate to an AWS Region/AZ.
- **Origin -** This is the origin of all the files that the CDB will distribute. This can be an S3 Bucket, an EC2 instance, an Elastic Load Balancer, or Route53.
- **Distribution -** This is the name given the CDN which consists of a collection of Edge Locations.
- **Web Distribution -** Typically used for Websites.
- **RTMP -** Used for Media Streaming.

Amazon CloudFront can be used to deliver your entire website, including dynamic, static, streaming, and interactive content using a global network of egde locations. Requests for your content are automatically routed to the nearest edge location, so content is delivered with the best possible performance.

## Exam Tips

- **Edge Location -** This is the location where content will be cached. This is separate to an AWS Region/AZ.
- **Origin -** This is the origin of all the files that the CDB will distribute. This can be an S3 Bucket, an EC2 instance, an Elastic Load Balancer, or Route53.
- **Distribution -** This is the name given the CDN which consists of a collection of Edge Locations.
- **Web Distribution -** Typically used for Websites.
- **RTMP -** Used for Media Streaming.
- Edge locations are not just READ only - you can write to them too.
- Objects are cached for the life of the **TTL (Time to Live)**.
- You can clear cached objects, but you will be charged.

---

# Create A CloudFront Distribution - LAB

---

# Snowball

## What is Snowball?

Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transport solution that uses secure appliances to transfer large amounts of data into and out of AWS. Using snowball addresses common challenges with large-scale data transfers including high network costs, long transfer times, and security concerns. Transferring data with Snowball is simple, fast, secure, and can be as little as one-fifth the cost of high-speed internet.

## Snowball

Snowball comes in either a 50TB or 80TB size. Snowball uses multiple layers of security designed to protect your data including tamper-resistant enclosures, 256-bit encryption, and an industry-standard Trusted Platform Module (TPM) designed to ensure both security and full chain-of-custody of your data. Once the data transfer job has been processed and verified, AWS performs a software erasure of the Snowball appliance.

## What is Snowball Edge?

AWS Snowball Edge is a 100TB data transfer device with on-board storage and compute capabilities.You can use Snowball Edge to move large amounts of data into and out of AWS, as a temporary storage tier for large local datasets, or to support local workloads in remote or offline locations.

## Snowball Edge

Snowball Edge connects to your existing applications and infrastructure using standard storage interfaces, streamlining the data transfer process and minimizing setup and integration. Snowball Edge can cluster together to form a local storage tier and process your data on-premises, helping ensure your applications continue to run even when they are not able to access the cloud.

## What is Snowmobile?

AWS Snowmobile is an Exabyte-scale data transfer service used to move extremely large amounts of data to AWS. You can transfer up to 100PB per Snowmobile, a 45-foot long ruggedized shipping container, pulled by a semi-trailer truck. Snowmobile makes it easy to move massive volumes of data to the cloud, including video libraries, image repositories, or even a complete data center migration. Transferring data with Snowmobile is secure, fast and cost effective.

[When Should I Use Snowball?](https://www.notion.so/5f228e66574345d5abc391b6d3b551c5)

## Exam Tips

- Understand what's Snowball is.
- Snowball can
    - Import to S3.
    - Export from S3.

---

# Storage Gateway

## What is Storage Gateway?

AWS Storage Gateway is a service that connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-based storage to provide seamless and secure integration between an organization's on-premises IT environment and AWS's storage infrastructure. The service enables you to securely store data to the AWS cloud for scalable and cost-effective storage.

AWS Storage Gateway's' software appliance is available for donwload as a virtual machine (VM) image that you install on a host in your datacenter. Storage Gateway supports either VMware ESXi or Microsoft Hyper-V. Once you've installed your gateway and associated it with your AWS account through the activation process, you can use the AWS Management Console to create the storage gateway option that is right for you.

## Storage Gateway Types

### The three different types of Storage Gateway:

- File Gateway (NFS & SMB)

    Files are stored as objects in your S3 buckets, accessed through a Network File System (NSF) mount point. Ownership, permissions, and timestamps are durably stored in S3 in the user-metadata of the object associated with the file. Once objects are transferred to S3, they can be managed as native S3 objects, and bucket policies such as versioning, lifecycle management, and cross-region replication apply directly to objects stored in your bucket. **Way of connecting your on-premise infrastructure to S3.**

- Volume Gateway (iSCSI)

    The volume interface presents your applications with disk volumes using the iSCSI block protocol.

    Data written to these volumes can be asynchronously backed up as point-in-time snapshots of your volumes, and stored in the cloud as Amazon EBS snapshots.

    Snapshots are incremental backups that capture only changed blocks. All snapshot storage is also compressed to minimize your storage charges. **Way of storing your virtual hard disk drives in S3.**

    Two differnt flavors:

    - Stored Volumes

        Stored volumes let you store your primary data locally, while asynchronously backing up that data to AWS. Stored volumes provide your on-premises applications with low-latency access to their entire datasets, while providing durable off-site backups. You can create storage volumes and mount them as iSCSI devices from your on-premises application servers. Data written to your stored volumes is stored on your on-premises storage hardware. This data is asynchronously backed up to Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) in the form of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots. 1GB - 16TB in size for Stored Volumes.

    - Cached Volumes

        Cached volumes let you use Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) as your primary data storage while retaining frequently accessed data locally in your storage gateway. Cached volumes minimize the need to scale your on-premises storage infrastructure, while still providing your applications with low-latency access to their frequently accessed data. You can create storage volumes up to 32TiB in size and attach to them as iSCSI devices from your write to these volumes in Amazon S3 and retains recently read data in your on-premises storage gateway's cache and upload buffer storage. 1GB - 32TB in size for Cached Volumes.

- Tape Gateway (VTL)

    Tape Gateway offers a durable, cost-effective solution to archive your data in the AWS Cloud. The VTL interface it provides lets you leverage your existing tape-based backup application infrastructure to store data on virtual tape cartridges that you create on your tape gateway. Each tape gateway is preconfigured with a media changer and tape drives,wich are available to your existing client backup applications as iSCSI devices. You add tape cartridges as you need to archive your data. Supported by NetBackup, Backup Exec, Veeam, etc.

## Exam Tips

### File Gateway

- File Gateway - For flat files, stored directly on S3.

### Volumes Gateway

- Stored Volumes - Entire Dataset is stored on site and is asynchronously backed up to S3.
- Cached Volumes - Entire Dataset is stored on S3 and the most frequently accessed data is cached on site.

### Gateway Virtual Tape Library

---

# Athena vs Macie

## What is Athena?

### Interactive query service which enables you to analyse and query data located in S3 using standard SQL.

- Serverless, nothing to provision, pay per query / per TB scanned.
- No need to set up complex Extract / Transform / Load (ETL) process.
- Works directly with data stored in S3.

## Athena Use Cases

### What Can Athena Be Used For?

- Can be used to query log files stored in S3. E.g. ELB logs, S3 access logs, etc.
- Generate business reports on data stored in S3.
- Analyse AWS cost and usage reports.
- Run queries on click-stream data.

## What is Macie?

### What is PII (Personally Identifiable Information)?

- Personal data used to establish an individual's identity.
- This data could be exploited by criminals, used in identity theft and financial fraud.
- Home address, email address, SSN.
- Passport number, driver's license number.
- D.O.B, phone number, bank account, credit card number.

Security service which uses Machine Learning and NLP (Natural Language Processing) to discover, classify and protect sensitive data stored in S3.

- Uses AI to recognize if your S3 objects contain sensitive data such as PII.
- Dashboards, reporting and alerts.
- Works directly with data stored in S3.
- Can also analyze CloudTrail logs.
- Great for PCI-DSS and preventing ID theft.

## Exam Tips

### Athena Exam Tips

- Athena is an interactive query service.
- It allows you to query data located in S3 using standard SQL.
- Serverless
- Commonly used to analyze log data stored in S3.

### Macie Exam Tips

- Macie uses AI to analyze data in S3 and helps identify PII.
- Can also be used to analyze CloudTrail logs for suspicious API activity.
- Includes Dashboards, Reports and Alerting.
- Great for PCI-DSS compliance and preventing ID theft.

---

# Quiz

## 1. One of your users is trying to upload a 7.5GB file to S3. However, they keep getting the following error message: "Your proposed upload exceeds the maximum allowed object size.". What solution to this problem does AWS recommend?

- [ ]  Log in to the S3 console, click on the bucket and then click properties. You can then increase your maximum object size to 1TB.
- [ ]  Raise a ticket with AWS to increase your maximum object size.
- [ ]  Design your application to use the Multipart Upload API for all objects.
- [ ]  Design your application to use large object upload API for this object.
- Answer
    - [ ]  Design your application to use the Multipart Upload API for all objects.

## 2. Which of the following options allows users to have secure access to private files located in S3? (Choose 3)

- [ ]  Public S3 buckets
- [ ]  CloudFront Origin Access Identity
- [ ]  CloudFront Signed URLs
- [ ]  CloudFront Signed Cookies
- Answer

    - [ ]  CloudFront Origin Access Identity
    - [ ]  CloudFront Signed URLs
    - [ ]  CloudFront Signed Cookies

## 3. AWS S3 has four different URLs styles that it can be used to access content in S3. The Virtual Hosted Style URL, the Path-Style Access URL, the Static web site URL, and the Legacy Global Endpoint URL. Which of these represents a correct formatting of the Path-Style Access URL style

- [ ]  [https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/my-bucket/slowpuppy.tar](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/my-bucket/slowpuppy.tar)
- [ ]  [https://www.my-registered-domain-guru/index.html](https://www.my-registered-domain-guru/index.html)
- [ ]  [http://my-bucket.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/index.htm](http://my-bucket.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/index.htm)
- [ ]  [https://my-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/fastpuppy.csv](https://my-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/fastpuppy.csv)
- [ ]  [http://my-bucket.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/index.php](http://my-bucket.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/index.php)
- [ ]  [https://my-bucket.amazonaws.com/lazycat.docx](https://my-bucket.amazonaws.com/lazycat.docx)
- Answer
    - [ ]  [https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/my-bucket/slowpuppy.tar](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/my-bucket/slowpuppy.tar)

## 4. You have been asked to advise on a scaling concern. The client has an elegant solution that works well. As the information base grows they use CloudFormation to spin up another stack made up of an S3 bucket and supporting compute instances. The trigger for creating a new stack is when the PUT rate approaches 100 PUTs per second. The problem is that as the business grows that number of buckets is growing into the hundreds and will soon be in the thousands. You have been asked what can be done to reduce the number of buckets without changing the basic architecture.

- [ ]  Change the trigger level to around 3000 as S3 can now accommodate much higher PUT and GET levels.
- [ ]  Refine the key hashing to randomise the name Key to achieve the potential of 300 PUTs per second.
- [ ]  Upgrade all buckets to S3 provisioned IOPS to achieve better performance.
- [ ]  Set up multiple accounts so that the per account hard limit on S3 buckets is avoided.
- Answer
    - [ ]  Change the trigger level to around 3000 as S3 can now accommodate much higher PUT and GET levels.

## 5. What is the minimum file size that I can store on S3?

- [ ]  1KB
- [ ]  1 byte
- [ ]  0 bytes
- [ ]  1MB
- Answer
    - [ ]  0 bytes

## 6. You work for a busy digital marketing company who currently store their data on-premise. They are looking to migrate to AWS S3 and to store their data in buckets. Each bucket will be named after their individual customers, followed by a random series of letters and numbers. Once written to S3 the data is rarely changed, as it has already been sent to the end customer for them to use as they see fit. However, on some occasions, customers may need certain files updated quickly, and this may be for work that has been done months or even years ago. You would need to be able to access this data immediately to make changes in that case, but you must also keep your storage costs extremely low. The data is not easily reproducible if lost. Which S3 storage class should you choose to minimize costs and to maximize retrieval times?

- [ ]  S3 - 1Zone-IA
- [ ]  S3
- [ ]  S3 - IA
- [ ]  Glacier
- [ ]  Se -RRS
- Answer
    - [ ]  S3- IA

## 7. You are a solutions architect who works with a large digital media company. The company has decided that they want to operate within the Japanese region and they need a bucket called "testbucket" set up immediately to test their web application on. You log in to the AWS console and try to create this bucket in the Japanese region however you are told that the bucket name is already taken. What should you do to resolve this?

- [ ]  Bucket names are global, not regional. This is a popular bucket name and is already taken. You should choose another bucket name.
- [ ]  Run a WHOIS request on the bucket name and get the registered owners email address. Contact the owner and ask if you can purchase the rights to the bucket.
- [ ]  Raise a ticket with AWS and ask them to release the name "testbucket" to you.
- [ ]  Change your region to Korea and then create the bucket "testbucket".
- Answer
    - [ ]  Bucket names are global, not regional. This is a popular bucket name and is already taken. You should choose another bucket name.

## 8. S3 has eventual consistency for which HTTP Methods?

- [ ]  overwrite PUTS and DELETES
- [ ]  UPDATES and DELETES
- [ ]  PUTS of new Objects and DELETES
- [ ]  PUTS of new objects and UPDATES
- answer
    - [ ]  overwrite PUTS and DELETES

## 9. You run a popular photo-sharing website that depends on S3 to store content. Paid advertising is your primary source of revenue. However, you have discovered that other websites are linking directly to the images in your buckets, not to the HTML pages that serve the content. This means that people are not seeing the paid advertising, and you are paying AWS unnecessarily to serve content directly from S3. How might you resolve this issue?

- [ ]  Use EBS rather than S3 to store the content.
- [ ]  Use CloudFront to serve the static content.
- [ ]  Remove the ability for images to be served publicly to the site and then use signed URLs with expiry dates.
- [ ]  Use security groups to blacklist the IP addresses of the sites that link directly to your S3 bucket.
- answer
    - [ ]  Remove the ability for images to be served publicly to the site and then use signed URLs with expiry dates.

## 10. What is the availability of S3-OneZone-IA?

- [ ]  99.99%
- [ ]  100%
- [ ]  99.50%
- [ ]  99.90%
- answer
    - [ ]  99.50%

## 11. What is the availability of objects stored in S3?

- [ ]  100%
- [ ]  99.90%
- [ ]  99.99%
- [ ]  99%
- answer
    - [ ]  99.99%

## 12. You run a meme creation website where users can create memes and then download them for use on their own sites. The original images are stored in S3 and each meme's metadata in DynamoDB. You need to decide upon a low-cost storage option for the memes, themselves. If a meme object is unavailable or lost, a Lambda function will automatically recreate it using the original file from S3 and the metadata from DynamoDB. Which storage solution should you use to store the non-critical, easily reproducible memes in the most cost-effective way?

- [ ]  S3
- [ ]  S3 - RRS
- [ ]  Glacier
- [ ]  S3 - IA
- [ ]  S3 - 1Zone-IA
- answer
    - [ ]  S3 - 1Zone-IA

## 13.You work for a major news network in Europe. They have just released a new mobile app that allows users to post their photos of newsworthy events in real-time, which are then reviewed by your editors before being copied to your website and made public. Your organization expects this app to grow very quickly, essentially doubling its user base each month. The app uses S3 to store the images, and you are expecting sudden and sizable increases in traffic to S3 when a major news event takes place (as users will be uploading large amounts of content.) You need to keep your storage costs to a minimum, and it does not matter if some objects are lost. With these factors in mind, which storage media should you use to keep costs as low as possible?

- [ ]  S3 - One Zone-Infrequent Access
- [ ]  S3 - Infrequently Accessed Storage
- [ ]  S3 - Provisioned IOPS
- [ ]  S3 - Reduced Redundancy Storage (RRS)
- [ ]  Glacier
- answer
    - [ ]  S3 - One Zone-Infrequent Access

## 14. What is AWS Storage Gateway?

- [ ]  None of the above.
- [ ]  It allows a direct MPLS connection into AWS.
- [ ]  It is a physical or virtual appliance that can be used to cache S3 locally at a customer's site.
- [ ]  It allows large scale import/exports into the AWS cloud without the use of an internet connection.
- answer
    - [ ]  It is a physical or virtual appliance that can be used to cache S3 locally at a customer's site.

## 15. What is Amazon Glacier?

- [ ]  An AWS service designed for long term data archival.
- [ ]  A highly secure firewall designed to keep everything out.
- [ ]  It is a tool used to resurrect deleted EC2 snapshots.
- [ ]  A tool that allows you to "freeze" an EBS volume.
- answer
    - [ ]  An AWS service designed for long term data archival.

## 16. What does S3 stand for?

- [ ]  Simplified Serial Sequence
- [ ]  Simple SQL Service
- [ ]  Simple Storage Service
- [ ]  Straight Storage Service
- answer
    - [ ]  Simple Storage Service

## 17. You have uploaded a file to S3. Which HTTP code would indicate that the upload was successful?

- [ ]  HTTP 307
- [ ]  HTTP 200
- [ ]  HTTP 501
- [ ]  HTTP 404

## 18. AWS S3 has four different URLs styles that it can be used to access content in S3. The Virtual Hosted Style URL, the Path-Style Access URL, the Static web site URL, and the Legacy Global Endpoint URL. Which of these represents a correct formatting of the Virtual Hosted Style URL style

- [ ]  [http://my-bucket.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/index.php](http://my-bucket.s3-website-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/index.php)
- [ ]  [http://my-bucket.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/index.htm](http://my-bucket.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/index.htm)
- [ ]  [https://my-bucket.amazonaws.com/lazycat.docx](https://my-bucket.amazonaws.com/lazycat.docx)
- [ ]  [https://my-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/fastpuppy.csv](https://my-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/fastpuppy.csv)
- [ ]  [https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/my-bucket/slowpuppy.tar](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/my-bucket/slowpuppy.tar)
- [ ]  [https://www.my-registered-domain-guru/index.html](https://www.my-registered-domain-guru/index.html)
- answer
    - [ ]  [https://my-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/fastpuppy.csv](https://my-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/fastpuppy.csv)

## 19. You work for a health insurance company that amasses a large number of patients' health records. Each record will be used once when assessing a customer, and will then need to be securely stored for a period of 7 years. In some rare cases, you may need to retrieve this data within 24 hours of a claim being lodged. Given these requirements, which type of AWS storage would deliver the least expensive solution?

- [ ]  S3 - OneZone-IA
- [ ]  S3 - RRS
- [ ]  S3 - IA
- [ ]  S3
- [ ]  Glacier
- answer
    - [ ]  Glacier

## 20. How many S3 buckets can I have per account by default?

- [ ]  10
- [ ]  100
- [ ]  20
- [ ]  50
- answer
    - [ ]  100

## 21. The difference between S3 and EBS is that EBS is object-based where as S3 is block-based.

- [ ]  false
- [ ]  true
- answer
    - [ ]  false

    /
